docs: Add 2023-03-09 meeting notes (#416)
eslint/tsc-meetings: notes/2023/2023-03-09.md

# 2023-03-09 ESLint TSC Meeting Notes

## Transcript

> 

Reviewer: The transcript format is always the same, so you can put it in and trust that it will be uploaded eventually. :)

```suggestion
[`2023-03-09-transcript.md`](2023-03-09-transcript.md)
```

## Attending

* Nicholas C. Zakas (@nzakas) - TSC
* Milos Djermanovic (@mdjermanovic) - TSC

@nzakas moderated, and @sam3k took notes.

## Topics

### [feat: ESLint Language Plugins #99](https://github.com/eslint/rfcs/pull/99)

> @nzakas:
>
> **TSC Summary:** The language plugins RFC is now complete, which gives ESLint the ability to lint other file types besides JavaScript..
>
> **TSC Questions:**
>
> 1. Shall we move to final commenting?

**Resolution:** We decided to move the RFC to the Final Commenting phase.

### `release-please` rollout for the rest of the repos
**Summary:** We've now implemented release-please for generator-eslint and @eslint/create-config. Shall we roll out to other repos now as well?

**Resolution:** resolved in the previous meeting.

### Documentation-specific License
**Summary:** We don't currently have a documentation-specific license, so it defaults to all rights reserved. 

> > @nkzakas:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> @nzakas:
```

>
> Agenda item: We don't currently have a documentation-specific license, so it defaults to all rights reserved. I'd like to propose we license the documentation as [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

> **Resolution:** Okay, we've agreed to license the docs under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. We will place a notice both in the docs README and in the footer of the docs site. @Sam3k can you please create an issue for that?

Reviewer: Let's call out when there's an action item and who is responsible for it.

```suggestion
**Resolution:** Okay, we've agreed to license the docs under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License. We will place a notice both in the docs README and in the footer of the docs site.

**Action Item:** @Sam3k to create an issue for this.
```
